Hecla Mining Company is a leading, low-cost silver producer with operating silver mines in Alaska (Greens Creek), Idaho (Lucky Friday), and Mexico (San Sebastian) and is a growing gold producer with an operating mine (Casa Berardi) in Quebec, Canada and a 2022 acquisition in Yukon (idle). With the acquisition of Klondex Mines Ltd. (July 2018, now known as Hecla Nevada), the company acquired three (currently idle) gold mines in Nevada: Midas, Fire Creek and Hollister which bring significant production from one of the most prolific gold mining jurisdictions in the world.

FM has been on the account since 2012, at which time the only operating mines were Greens Creek and Lucky Friday. Since then there has been significant growth with the acquisition of the other mines listed above. 

The largest mine is the Greens Creek Mine on Admiralty Island, located off Juneau, Alaska. This is also the engine of the company producing consistent revenue for the company. This location has been a model of risk improvement since coming onboard with FM Global.
Lucky Friday has been less consistent and continues to rank in the 4th quartile. The mine had been shut down by MSHA in 2012 and then was shut down due to a strike from mid-2017 to early 2020. With the strike over, production is to ramp up through 2022. 
Casa Berardi Mine was acquired by Hecla in 2014 and primarily mines gold.  
All three of these mines are underground operations with surface level concentrator plants. 

Hecla also maintains a number of land rights that include previously developed mines that are in various stages of explorations and pre-development. However, none of these are to the stages of needing engineering services. 

This account is brokered by Marsh. 

There has been significant turnover in Heclas Treasury and Insurance department since 2012. The current team has been in place since 2018 and the CST is developing a relationship with them. The Hecla corporate team is supportive of risk improvement efforts, but we are relying heavily on field engineering to move risk improvement forward at the site level. 

On the engineering side, the key contact is Mike Wegleitner, Corporate Director, Heath & Safety
